hello my name is mr. nosy and welcome to
another game lock unboxing now Arcana
classes is an unboxing because I don't
really know else to class under there's
no box to unbox it from but anyway we'll
move on essentially this is a product
which is made by Bohemia Interactive for
ARMA 2 but it comes in very handy with
Daisy which is essentially what I've got
it for but you get a few knives and
extra perks with it so basically what
you get with this product is you get
printed maps of journalists now bear
with me or country perhaps these Turner
Asst shirani Turkestan sharper and
proving grounds now this is the Chernus
map I haven't actually opened it up yet
I'm presuming it's gonna be pretty
massive and there's something on the
inside of there as well there's the
other maps and then also you get with it
with it yeah with it eight unique
postcards featuring game artworks which
of these bad boys here now I'll show you
these in just a second but they're just
something pretty cool extra you can have
and send to your friends a big in a
ceremony postcards or anything
preferably send them to people who like
games I don't think anyone else is gonna
get that but yeah there we go okay so
now I'm just gonna open up this I'm
presuming it's gonna be pretty massive
because the map in the game is huge so
place for this to go would be above your
computer screen I'm guessing let's see
there we go yeah this is pretty pretty
huge
there we go it's it's pretty huge like I
said but it's pretty damn cool if you
play this game a lot this will come in
very handy cuz II you know in the game
when you spawn you don't get a map you
don't know where you are where you going
so this is something that will come
really in handy now on their website it
says it's 999 9 pounds 99 which is
pretty good for all this stuff you get I
think you know for a bit of like game
memorabilia as well it's pretty cool so
now I'm just gonna put the map in close
the detail just so you get a better idea
of what it actually looks like and yeah
I hope you guys like it ok so here we
have the whole map like I said pretty
massive
so you can just zoom in to some select
towns and you can just basically get a
feel of what it looks like
no little icons on there now this is you
can find apps online and it pretty much
is the same ones of those so there's
Cherno obviously for those of you know
the game you are going to know these
infamous towns annoyingly if you can see
on the side here and some little
pictures of the towns very lovely it has
kind of like a key up here what each
icon means now annoyingly you can see
that oh no take it back I thought it was
only in not an English but it does seem
to be in English so that's pretty cool
I just thought I'd show you as well like
I said they do have different maps on
either side so on the back of the turn
oh one is surrani
barely whole this is surrani
and then quickly unravel this map this
one shows sharp all right stairs
Pakistan I've been saying these right
Pakistan and then on the back of this
one about proving grounds and then sharp
or on the other side and these are kind
of two separate ones here there you go
pretty hard to manage but there we go
so I hope you've liked this unboxing if
you can call it that I will just say
quickly that if you buy armor X
anniversary edition on Steam or in their
store you do get the Chernus map
collection for free so that is something
to bear in mind if you want to get it
straight away when you go to buy r2 so I
hope you've liked this unboxing please
comment and rate and if you really like
the videos that I do please subscribe
because it's really nice and it helps me
quite a bit so yeah I hope to see you
guys next time for another one boxing
see you guys later